yo guys this small II hope you having a
lush weekend I decided to post this
video I know it's in a prior much and
it's a bit different but me tempo and
some other guys some of my friends from
school were just doing some gamebattles
clan matches just mass about seem like
and we decided to have a warm up but
then I got bored so I pulled out the
sniper and put on minuscule house that's
why I never tagged in this video but
yeah as you can see so far I mean I just
get like ridiculously long hill streets
and like kombu tea stuff and I thought
the gameplay was pretty good myself so I
decided to upload it obviously to show
you guys and also bring variety to my
channel so i hope you guys enjoy it's
not a really long video so long and a
talk while very long anyways she doesn't
listen to my voice but um yeah i'm using
a Barrett 50 Cal I'm you an extended
mags on it because I knew I'd be a
trying to like get long hill streets and
things so uh instead of her in FMJ on I
decided to further extended mags and
then we've got pretty well lots you guys
who've asked me in the past after Maya
my sniping gameplay videos you guys have
always asked me uh can you do a sniping
tutorial or a quick scope tutorial or
something along those lines um no and
I'll tell you why I have juice neither
ever since called ed two came out on the
xbox 360 the first day that's when I
started sniping there is nothing at all
that I can tell you that will make you
make your bear sniper I'm sorry guys
there's no magical thing that will just
make you good I have touched on this in
some my previous videos but I'll say
again so yeah there is nothing that will
just make you good it's practice
practice and perseverance and that's
about it um I suppose I could say
practice with you
friends are that they're like on the
same level as you don't practice with
people that rubbish and they can't kill
you or too good and you can't kill them
but you know practicing some people on
your levels you know and try and try and
get used to it you will eventually get
that or without you even noticing one
more tip I could possibly give you guys
is if you're going to be going for some
like nice skill shots like no scopes and
360 s I find that you can't breathe 360
efficiently on anything under about but
I don't know about six sensitivity so if
you cannot be trying to do those yeah
already a good standard sniper than six
sensitivity in the best my way on seven
but yeah anything above that you can use
me crew six beyond and obviously to help
you guys no scope i would recommend that
you put a steady a mom as you know you
cross hit a smaller so when you get
closer there'll be more accurate so i
hope you guys enjoyed this video please
call me the rape thanks very much